# Unsupervised-and-Ensemble-machine-learning-algorithms
# Servo data set:
Servo dataset is dataset that forms from a simulation of servo system. It is a regression data set and it is consisting of a 167 instance and 5 features (167 * 5). Those features are consisting of 3 numerical features and 2 categorical features. So, we need label encoding to convert those categorical data into numerical to be handled. The target class to be predicted in this data set is the class feature for the system and this depends on the 4 features remaining which are the motor type, screw, pgain, and vgain. There are no missing value or outliers in this data. 
# Early-stage diabetes risk prediction dataset:
This dataset is a set in which record the signs and symptoms of the newly diagnosed diabetic or the patient that would be diabetic diagnosed. This is a classification dataset which classify if a one has a diabetic or not. So, our target class is class attribute which the attribute to be predicted. This dataset contains of 520 instance and 17 features (520 * 17). These features are age, gender, weakness etc..., all of these features are categorial data except for the age so we also need to apply a label encoder to it.
Morphological dataset: 
Morphological dataset is a dataset of handwritten numerals (0 - 9). It consists of 200 instances per class (for a total of 2,000 instances) have been digitized in binary images. In this dataset, these digits are represented in terms of 6 morphological features. The features type is integer, so it does not need encoding or any kind of transformation. But still, it’s needed a scaling and PCA (Principal Component Analysis) because when the data plotted it shows a high variance between features. The dataset doesn’t contain any kind of missing values (NaN). The data doesn’t contain outliers. The dimensions need to be reduced by using PCA. The target class in this dataset is (‘Class’) it’s contained the number of classes from (1 to 10).  
